<div id="table-of-contents">
<h2>Table of Contents</h2>
<div id="text-table-of-contents">
<ul>
<li><a href="#sec-1">1. Attendees</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-2">2. Previous Action Items</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-3">3. Previous minutes approval</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-4">4. Professional fees proposal</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-5">5. Student stipend/financial aid issue</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-6">6. Student comments</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-7">7. Action items</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-8">8. Meeting adjourned</a></li>
</ul>
</div>
</div>

# Attendees<a id="sec-1" name="sec-1"></a>

-   Kaleo Norman, Chair
-   Christian Liwanag, Student Fees Representative
-   Joseph Felix, Webmaster
-   Trevor Alexander, Member (acting Secretary this meeting)
-   Prof. Shiroma, Faculty (arrived <span class="timestamp-wrapper"><span class="timestamp">[2014-12-03 Wed 16:53]</span></span>)

# Previous Action Items<a id="sec-2" name="sec-2"></a>

-   [ ] Bronson to talk to June about upgrading the server
    -   Bronson not in attendance
-   [ ] Look through IAB minutes in the next meeting
    -   Waiting on minutes from industry rep (Jody, Raytheon rep)
-   [ ] Submit short officer bios (optional: resume with no personal information included) on website
    -   TODO!
-   [X] Someone to talk to Shiroma about the bulletin board advertisement issue
-   [X] Christian to send follow-up email to Dr. Ohta about student fees wish list

# Previous minutes approval<a id="sec-3" name="sec-3"></a>

-   Edits performed, see git history
-   Approved <span class="timestamp-wrapper"><span class="timestamp">[2014-12-03 Wed 16:45]</span></span> unanimously

# Professional fees proposal<a id="sec-4" name="sec-4"></a>

-   Christian Liwanag:
    -   All items added to fees budget except static resist bench
    -   IT student assistant position in particular added
    -   No followup needed at this point
    -   MATLAB licenses ultimately added by faculty
    -   PCs needed to support individual work to be purchased for lab
    -   Proposal signed off by Prof. Ohta and Christian
-   Felix Joseph:
    -   followup just in case
-   Prof. Shiroma:
    -   Largest purchase: Reflow oven
        -   Recommend subcommitee to set up purchase order
        -   Price requires state procurement law adherence, i.e. solicit bids (using SuperQuote)
        -   Research desirable reflow ovens, produce required specs with Gail Yamamoto
    -   Power supplies
        -   Myron Sugiki is responsible party
            -   Consider adding to his order for possible volume discount
    -   Chairs
        -   Trevor: ordered locally for EE REIS lab in past, local suppliers amenable to negotiation
        -   Gail can refer to previous order also
    -   PCs
        -   Work with June or choose own specs
    -   Misc. electronics
        -   Refer to Myron Sugiki
    -   Deadlines
        -   Start soon
    -   Final approval pending Assoc. Dean Liebert, Dean Crouch
        -   will send memos upon official approval
        -   No expectation of any hangups
    -   Urge faster production of student fees list in future
        -   Start in spring semester in future
-   Kaleo Norman:
    -   Action item: start committees

# Student stipend/financial aid issue<a id="sec-5" name="sec-5"></a>

-   Trevor Alexander:
    -   Dean Crouch provided complete response&#x2013;students were taken seriously
        -   Dean response contained following main points:
            -   State/federal laws apply re: finaid
            -   Administrative policy
            -   Dean's interpretation
        -   Dean considers stipends and student employment pay definitionally separate
            -   Stipends "award for service" similar to finaid, necessarily fall within policy conditions as stated
                -   3 effects alleged by SAB do not apply in this case
            -   That said, student employment should not be compensated through stipends
    -   Recommend SAB produce summary article
        -   Main statement: urge students to refuse stipend positions if in doubt of financial aid status
        -   Contact SAB if you need help negotiating or have any questions concerning the policy

# Student comments<a id="sec-6" name="sec-6"></a>

-   ME/CEE interest in forming SABs of their own
    -   Christian Liwanag: Contact ASME/ASCE respectively?
-   Student interest in formalizing weekly problem sessions/tutoring w/ TA
    -   Joseph Felix: investigate Bilger Hall science tutoring sessions?

# Action items<a id="sec-7" name="sec-7"></a>

-   Carryover items
    -   [ ] Bronson to talk to June about upgrading the server
        -   Bronson not in attendance
    -   [ ] Review IAB minutes
        -   Waiting on minutes from industry rep
        -   [ ] Contact Jody again prior to her arrival next week
    -   [ ] Submit short officer bios (optional: resume with no personal information included) on website
-   New items
    -   [X] Kaleo to establish subcommittees for student fees purchases
        -   [X] Reflow oven
        -   [X] Power supplies/misc. electronics/soldering irons
        -   [X] Chairs
        -   [X] PCs
    -   [X] Trevor to write summary stipend article re: Dean Crouch letter
        -   [X] Publish pending SAB approval
    -   [X] Joseph Felix to scan Dean Crouch letter
    -   [ ] Joseph Felix to research tutoring options

# Meeting adjourned<a id="sec-8" name="sec-8"></a>

<span class="timestamp-wrapper"><span class="timestamp">[2014-12-03 Wed 17:31]</span></span>
